 '@PoliticalAnt @treebeard2017 @DailyCaller I’m a nurse and your cloth masks do nothing which is why you need to stand 6 feet away from others.  We wear N95 masks with face shield, disposable gown, gloves and shoe covering in a negative pressure room.  Our mask are disposable and must be put on and removed per protocol.',
 'Do not use a Halloween costume mask instead of cloth mask unless it is made of two or more layers of breathable fabric that covers your mouth and nose and doesn’t leave gaps around your face https://t.co/98VROWxrih',
 '@A89657804 @GovMikeDeWine My point seems to be lost: so many people are wearing them only because they have to. They aren’t washing the cloth ones. They aren’t using new ones. It’s just the “wear the mask” mantra that people believe will save the planet. I’m talking about society in general.',
 "@NPCRoseDNP @JanieHsieh Cloth masks R NOT better they R nothing. Every maker of cloths fashion masks has legal disclaimers on THEIR packaging stating clearly DOESNT PREVENT COVID OR ANY ILLNESS. So a peep buying a mask to prevent Covid while the maker says it doesn't, that's the definition of insanity!",
 '@sos_musicblog @JohnnyD_cm @WillBlackWriter Yeah because ranting over a small piece if cloth is so worth losing your life over..🙄get educated..no rallies during covid is rational but damn a rally over a mask..pathetic..',
 '@NBSaphierMD I’m in Minnesota. We have a mask mandate and everywhere I go the majority of people are properly wearing a mask. Minnesota positive case have done nothing but go up since it started. I’ll never be convinced simple cloth or surgical masks can prevent the virus spread.',
 '@BinAphex @Sandra55 @WillBlackWriter @mand1960 I have friends that are nurses and they hate wearing the masks. It’s making them ill. No medical professional worth their salt will tell you that a cloth mask can save lives. You need to do your own research on the great reset and the 4th industrial revolution and wef Klaus. https://t.co/NMI45SBN7t',
 '@LisaSmith93405 @CNN But what has proven to stop it? Masks. Oh please. The virus is much smaller than the holes between threads in cloth masks. Even if a mask was lucky enough to stop it. Your next inhale would suck it in like a vacuum cleaner. Which is an argument that masks could make it worse.',
 'What if cases are up because more people are wearing a dirty mask over their face breathing in germs? Many people wear a cloth mask they don’t wash daily.... https://t.co/hMWmvuZAqi',
 '@brendasecrist @ABC Again- these don’t involve ... actual people wearing them . If you can’t understand that I don’t know what to tell you. Coronavirus particles are much much much smaller than any opening in a cloth mask. They don’t work. That’s why you see *spikes all over the world.',

 'Yesterday I was proud to be British @MarcusRashford #ENDCHILDFOODPOVERTY  today I am ashamed ....the anti mask protests in Oxford Street ...it’s a piece of cloth over your face ....you are not hungry or poor ....what are you ??? @RodriguesJasonL https://t.co/amFmU7p6sx',
 'i really, really, REALLY wonder why the fuck people go out to protest wearing a mask. just a piece of cloth. why is this even a thing oh my god this is so infuriating',
 '@hilaryjane76 I waterboarded myself yesterday by wearing a cloth mask in the pouring rain. It’s impossible to breath through a sopping wet mask',
 'This is unbelievable  people think  Cloth Masks actually work if your in an area for more than ten minutes.\nHey Brain Children, if someone had the Virus  it already excaped through the gaps in the Mask and the tiny holes in the material\n a Virus is  smaller than bacteria',
 'And among a packed flight of 150+ people, several had bandannas, scarves, and other cloth face coverings. I have no issue with wearing a mask but shit like that is so ridiculous. It literally says nothing about the type of mask 🙄 https://t.co/oHXHlg0gfk',
 "@ComradeMallu @ivan_sikorsky These cloth masks are NOT effective for covid use! Proper 3-ply surgical mask is the absolute minimum. Don't reduce ourselves to idiot class.",
 '@chuckwoolery You got that right. I am beyond done with the mandatory mask charade. 3/4 of people don’t wear them correctly and the cloth ones are useless. The Karens are everywhere, mask-shaming and calling us selfish. It’s like it was designed to divide &amp; conquer. Imagine that.',
 '@PeteButtigieg Hi. Covid survivor here who didn’t get Covid until mask mandates. How moronic of you to think a paper/cloth mask that you can breathe through will stop the spread of a virus.',
 '&amp; those cloth mask y’all be wearing only prevent your water molecules from releasing into the air, it does NOT block oil based substances from entering. You idiots might as well not wear a mask',
 '@djbradshaw64 @violetpickle58 @TheKillShot82 Made it up? Lol .though it is fun to make up crap...and you mask obsessives know all about that...like wearing fucking cloth masks does anything to stop this DEADLY VIRUS.',

 "@flyingblackcats @NC5 It has everything to do with PEOPLE DYING!! You don't get to say nah no car insurance for me! Nah, I am gonna go smoke in the theater! Hiding in fear? It is a damn cloth mask that can save lives and you are acting like they are asking you to storm the beaches of Normandy!  Weak!"
 "@Always_FightOn @ChrisCuomo when Covid is .10 Microns and the BEST masks, not your cloth mask, filter at 40 microns, it's worthless. 400 times too large to stop the virus. Now it can accumulate some over time on the mask and keep it right near your eyes, nose and mouth to help infect you.",
 '@dancefoxtrot Kn 95 masks are made in China.. they are  fake! Like this presidency! I do the same thing as you👍🏼 With the 3layer cloth mask.. just be careful with those kn95.. I still can’t believe that’s all we got and they’re all made in China.',
 'No, i don’t need to read the whole article tweeter ! Faux I mean Fauci can’t get anything right, btw cloth mask won’t work https://t.co/qXcjukhPQR',
 'Y’all really continue to wear your cloth mask without washing it? Animals.',
 "How did liberals get labeled snowflakes, conservatives can't even where a piece of cloth on their face for FIVE MINUTES? Is baby gonna cry because he has to wear a wittle mask?",
 'If you believe that pieces of cloth are going to stop this "super-deadly virus", then I have oceanfront property for sale in Arizona!  Mandatory mask laws are absolutely idiotic.',
 '@MichaelMikey63 @CNN It’s spreading? What about masks? Of course it’s spreading masks or not. You are fighting an enemy so tiny a silly cloth mask is useless. Sooner or later it will die as most will have already been infected. Or a vaccine will stop it. Either way it will stop. That’s the options.',
 '@realDonaldTrump Im tired of pretending covid is the black plaque and a cloth mask is gonna save me im surrounded by idiots i never knew 90% of Americans were so enslaved',
 'I’m not refusing to wear a mask, I’m actually pro that but the regular cloth masks are useless against the virus. It can stop only saliva. Which is not bad but still sitting with that kinda mask for example for 2-3h in  closed place like airplane not going to protect anyone!',

 '@DennisLeahy @cangal21 I understand what you are saying but I have chose my path all this mandatory mask BS is ridiculous, a cloth mask isn’t going to do anything, most of the masks aren’t going to stop a virus. Why not all this lockdown in the past. I’m over the BS.',
 '@chigrl I don’t even want to deal with the public. Think a cloth mask is some divine protection ... I guess like most things people don’t do their own research.',
 'This asshole Fauci is trying to break the will of the people through authority and control !! He damn well knows a cloth mask cannot stop a virus! New World Order control tactics as their written agenda !! https://t.co/6u3o34K2wF',
 '@GovAndyBeshear Well, look there...over 1700 new cases...but everyone just wear your cloth mask...you are such a complete joke',
 "@TheTorontoSun End the mask mandate.  So far, there is no evidence that cloth face coverings give any protection.  Take a look at people: everybody keeps touching these filthy rags all the time.  It's gross!",
 'If you wear a N95 mask you have the right to complain about mask discomfort. \n\nIf you wear a cloth/bandana/neck gaiter/crochet/yesterday’s toilet paper mask, you have no complaining rights, sit down and shut up.',
 '@fox8news As a test I wore a blue 3 ply mask and a cloth mask issued by the state of ohio when sanding drywall. My nose was full of dust with both masks. Drywall sanding dust is far larger than a virus. They are a false protective. Stay away from each other and wash your freaking hands.',
 '@eican @EricTrump Regular cloth or surgical mask can’t protect you. Properly fitted N95 gives better protection.',
 "Even worse than not knowing where she is, Kammy has on two masks like Joe did the other day. Hers and his both look like N95 masks under a cloth mask. What? Don't want the public to know you've taken an N95 from a frontline worker? Shame!",
 'Sad! Sad that the governor of NJ has to still tell people to wear a mask, and socially distance! Non maskers hurting the economy, businesses, neighbors, over a piece of cloth. Now some can get it even if you have a mask on, so please try to distance and follow protocols https://t.co/ogZ23Vhuxd',

 '@100Dianne @simondolan Your post 6 months ago would have seemed unbelievable, but not now. The mass manipulation has u fried if u think it’s all about a cloth mask',
 "@Bills12thmann @RN7JB Its America.. fuck them mask . That shit  doesn't work . Definitely 75 percent of the people are wearing some cloth mask and that shit don't work . Not sure why you even want to follow me . I promise you won't like my tweets ..",
 "@RepAdamSchiff Yes I'm sure a mask or cloth to cover your face will stop a virus so micro that it is invisible.  People are more scared of not being about to work more than the virus",
 'We can’t even get people to put on a cloth mask to pick up groceries and you think they’re bouta walk around in makeshift hazmat suits 🤣 https://t.co/hhvF8nt5fF',
 '@JulesBradley98 @JocelynChampag7 @DrEricDing @djrothkopf I wear a surgical mask under an N95 in high risk situations, and a surgical under cloth in grocery stores, etc. I just don’t understand why these people are so willing to risk their lives over something so simple.\nEverything to them is a conspiracy theory except the simple truth',
 '@Cathy49955245 @rideabayTB @MSNBC Correct. So most people are wearing made at home cloth masks and almost never wash them and touch the face of the mask while wearing it and continue to touch their eyes and other surfaces. Hmmm...',
 'seeing people attack mask mandates (it’s a piece of fucking cloth) really does solidify the thought that often times creeps into my brain:\n\nhumanity is fucking stupid.',
 '@PeteButtigieg A mask is the biggest false sense of security ever. Some cloth covering your face is supposed to stop a microscopic virus from infecting you?',
 "@rierivers @SquareBearBets @JackPosobiec A true hazmat suit yes, but this bubble above ain't doing shit lol there's a reason a hazmat suit has air supply, and that's because it's one piece and totally contained. This contraption above is probably worse than a cloth mask and keeps the virus floating around you lol", 
 '@WBrettWilson What do you expect from some deranged sanctimonious leftist who proudly dons a cloth mask in his social media profile? He truly believes he is saving the world. What gusto, what virtue! 😖',
 
